Scheduling
----------------
It simulates two operating system scheduling algorithms:
First Come First Served (FCFS) and Round Robin (RR). 

The program reads an input file that lists the information of the processes that need to be scheduled to run on the processor.
It simulates scheduling these processes using one of the two algorithms and output the state of each process at every cycle time. 
It supports statistics about the processes and output them after the simulation finishes.
***After the program starts you will get 3 inputs in your program :
--->0 or 1 to select the scheduling algorithm to use in your simulation. 
     	0 refers to using First Come First Served (FCFS). 
	1 refers to using Round Robin (RR).
---> quantumTime: this is the quantum time to use in simulating the Round Robin algorithm. This must be a positive number that is greater than zero. This
number presents if the first input is entered as 1 (RR).
--->input FileName: the input file with the processes and their arrival and burst times.
Each line in the input file contains four numbers interpreted as follows :
 Process ID
 CPU time : this is the time the process needs to execute on the CPU to complete.It is
represented as a number of simulation cycles.
 I/O time : his is the time the process will need to wait for I/O. Note that this is the
number of simulation cycles a process will remain blocked, and you can safely
assume that processes do not compete for the I/O devices.
 Arrival time:this is the time the process becomes available in the system.It is
represented as simulation time cycle.
A process arriving at the system will run as follows. It will need to run for CPU time, block
for I/O time, and then run for CPU time again. Note that all the numbers are integers. Few
lines from an example input file are shown below:
0 1 2 0
1 1 1 5
2 1 1 3
In the above example, process 0 will run for one simulation cycle, then block for two
simulation cycles, and finally run for one simulation cycle. The process might wait in the
ready queue before being scheduled on the CPU to run. Note that a process added to the list
of processes that are blocked for I/O can take any time in this list, and does not have to be
removed from it before other processes added to the same list after it. In other words, it is a
bad choice to simulate the list of blocked processes as a FIFO queue.


There is output a text file FCFS_log_file.txt RR_log_file.txt the output file.
The simulation of the scheduling starting from simulation time cycle 0. Every line shows the
following:
 Simulation cycle time.
 The state of each process: Running, Ready, or Blocked. This should appear as
follows: K: STATE to represent the state of process with ID K. 

Statistics collected about the simulation:
 Finishing time. This is the last simulation time at which all the processes have
terminated.
 CPU utilization. This can be calculated as the ratio between the number of the
simulation
 cycles at which the CPU was busy divided by the total number of the simulation
cycles.
 For each process, print the turnaround time. This is calculated as: (the cycle the
process finished - the cycle the process arrived +1).